§3Hey yo you there. Wake up! You took quite a long time.

§2 Hello Player.

§3How many times has it been?

§2I lost track.

§3Seems like they are confused.

§2The Creator said they would be like that.

§3Well after completing the game for many many times and not remember it, I would be too.

§2For them it's just a dream that can never be remembered.

§3What a tragic case.

§2Yes, but it is for the best.

§3The Evil never rests.

§2No, it never stops.

§3Explain to him why.

§2Yes, yes. Player, you are a part of a creation. Your kind lived for many many many years on your world, however one day...

§3Your kind was completly destroyed.

§2Don't scare them. No, your kind was attacked by the Evil.

§3A force greater than hate and the end of all.

§2The heavens were corrupted, the sun turned black, and the techonology rebelled.

§3The Creator saved your kind that day.

§2With a creation that couldn't be imagined by anyone else. A creation that would save the heavens and the light.

§3Your kind nested the Evil yet the Creator saved you from your tyranny.

§2Do not be so harsh. They did not know that it would happen.

§3But they never knew it.

§2They play the game without any consent on its background, yes. But it is for their own good. Afterall, the Creator made this creation for them. If the Creator didn't want them, the Creator would not have made the creation in the first place.

§3Do you think the Creator pities the Players?

§2I would not say pities but feels sorry for.

§3What did the Creator say again?

§2The Creator said that the Creator values the creativity and strength of the Players.

§3Like how the Players make a house almost every single play?

§2Yes.

§3And how the Players fight the Entities to level up?

§2You are right. Player you...

§3Use its name.

§2PLAYERNAME. Player of games.

§3Good.

§2Take a breath, now. Take another. Feel air in your lungs. Let your limbs return. Yes, move your fingers. Have a body again, under gravity, in air. Respawn in the long dream. There you are. Your body touching the universe again at every point, as though you were separate things. As though we were separate things.

§3Who are we? Once we were called the spirit of the mountain. Father sun, mother moon. Ancestral spirits, animal spirits. Jinn. Ghosts. The green man. Then gods, demons. Angels. Poltergeists. Aliens, extraterrestrials. Leptons, quarks. The words change. We do not change.

§2We are the universe. We are everything you think isn't you. You are looking at us now, through your skin and your eyes. And why does the universe touch your skin, and throw light on you? To see you, player. To know you. And to be known. I shall tell you a story.

§2Once upon a time, there was a player.

§3The player was you, PLAYERNAME.

§2Sometimes it thought itself human, on the thin crust of a spinning globe of molten rock. The ball of molten rock circled a ball of blazing gas that was three hundred and thirty thousand times more massive than it. They were so far apart that light took eight minutes to cross the gap. The light was information from a star, and it could burn your skin from a hundred and fifty million kilometres away.

§2Sometimes the player dreamed it was a miner, on the surface of a world that was flat, and infinite. The sun was a square of white. The days were short; there was much to do; and death was a temporary inconvenience.

§3Sometimes the player dreamed it was lost in a story.

§2Sometimes the player dreamed it was other things, in other places. Sometimes these dreams were disturbing. Sometimes very beautiful indeed. Sometimes the player woke from one dream into another, then woke from that into a third.

§3Sometimes the player dreamed it watched words on a screen.

§2Let's go back.

§2The atoms of the player were scattered in the grass, in the rivers, in the air, in the ground. A woman gathered the atoms; she drank and ate and inhaled; and the woman assembled the player, in her body.

§2And the player awoke, from the warm, dark world of its mother's body, into the long dream.

§2And the player was a new story, never told before, written in letters of DNA. And the player was a new program, never run before, generated by a sourcecode a billion years old. And the player was a new human, never alive before, made from nothing but milk and love.

§3You are the player. The story. The program. The human. Made from nothing but milk and love.

§2Let's go further back.

§2The seven billion billion billion atoms of the player's body were created, long before this game, in the heart of a star. So the player, too, is information from a star. And the player moves through a story, which is a forest of information planted by a man called Julian, on a flat, infinite world created by a man called Markus, that exists inside a small, private world created by the player, who inhabits a universe created by...

§3a long time ago, the Ancients played the dream but the Evil changed the creation. The Ancients became mad

§2save it for the Creator as the Creator put trust into you. Dream by ending the game, play to end the dream and dream more. You give power to the Creator.

§3it was taken by the Evil after being sent to the Players. Save the creation, Player.

§2you are a Player, we are the Admins. You are dreaming the Creator's creation.

§3but the Evil took control and killed most of them in their dreams.

§2and the Evil made your kind go into tyranny. Multiple young Players went into the creation.

§3you mustn't fail the Creator. Dream and dream more. Over and over again. Against the Evil without eyes. The one that took the Creator's creation. 

§2The Creator believes you can end the evil!

§3and the Creator loves your cretivity and strength!

§2The Creator wants your power

§3play your dream

§2dream more, dream of becoming stronger every time

§3and you can make it end by dreaming!

§2that made your world fall in tyranny

§3and the Creator says you can fight the Evil!

§2can you?

§3and the Creator says only you can save this world!

§2and the Creator says you are the only one!

§3and the Creator says you are the champion!

§2the Creator loves your cretivity and strength!

§3And the game is over, the dream is over. Wake up and dream more. Wake up and dream to become stronger!

§3You are the Player, a dreamer!

§2Hello in there? Wake up.
